SHOBAFUZE INTERLINE EXPRESS Welcome to the SHOBAFUZE INTERLINE EXPRESS project!
This repository contains the code for a responsive website designed for a bus
company, showcasing their services and providing an easy-to-use interface for
booking and contact.

Features Responsive Navigation Bar: Includes a hamburger menu with a sliding
effect and automatic adjustments based on screen size and scroll position.
Service Modal: Provides detailed information about bus services in a modal,
which can be opened and closed easily. Lightbox Gallery: Displays images in a
lightbox for an enhanced viewing experience. Contact and Booking Forms: Allows
users to book services and contact the company with form submission handling and
feedback modals. Mobile Optimization: Ensures the site performs well on mobile
devices with optimized images and layout adjustments. Pages Home Page: Features
the main navigation, an overview of services, and contact information. Service
Page: Details individual services with a modal for more information and includes
a booking form. Gallery Page: Showcases images in a lightbox for a better
viewing experience. Contact Page: Provides a contact form for inquiries.
Technologies Used HTML: For structuring the content. CSS: For styling and
layout, including responsive design and animations. JavaScript: For interactive
elements, including modals, lightbox gallery, and form handling.

Usage Navigation Bar: Click the hamburger menu icon to open/close the navigation
menu. On larger screens, the menu remains visible. Service Modal: Click on a
service to view more details. Close the modal using the "X" button or by
clicking outside the modal. Lightbox Gallery: Click on an image to view it in a
lightbox. Close the lightbox using the close button or by clicking outside the
image. Forms: Fill out the booking or contact form and submit it. A modal will
show the result of the submission. Contributing Contributions are welcome! If
you would like to contribute to this project, please fork the repository, make
your changes, and submit a pull request.

License This project is licensed under the company SHOBAFUZE INTERLINE EXPRESS.
https://www.google.com/search?q=shobafuze+interline+express&rlz=1C1CHBD_enZA1072ZA1072&oq=shobafuzeinterprise&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUqCggBEAAYgAQYogQyBggAEEUYOTIKCAEQABiABBiiBDIKCAIQABiiBBiJBTIKCAMQABiABBiiBDIKCAQQABiiBBiJBTIGCAUQRRg8MgYIBhBFGDwyBggHE

Contact For any inquiries or feedback, please contact Thulani Mthembu at
thulanim457@gmail.com.
